Hahahaha
Li Xuan, are you really dying of laughter?
The prince pointed his hand to cover the sky
It's my right
Shenshuai Megatron
The power of the red me
The King of the Western Regions is seven in and seven out of 180,000 enemy army
The power of the red self
It's not just that you have no idea.
Still here again and again
Repeatedly doing such a clown behavior
Hear me laugh
Lead to greater disaster
Li Jingxiao, your shamelessness makes me helpless
Your arrogance makes me despise the enemy
Your stupidity makes me laugh.
Why didn't you think about it?
I am handsome
Li Xuan posing as a god is a capital crime
You have to stop doing this.
The marshal will never use micro-bets to harm people with power
This chair
God can do it
He is also crazy
Crazy crazy
This garbage is completely insane
Li Xuan, the most stupid thing I have ever done
Just trying to convince you idiot
All right, just wait to die.
Don't worry, let's wait for Dayong behind you.
Princess, this prince is coming soon
The prince has arrived
I see how you count yourself to the prince
King
grandfather
Father, how could you do this?
Take it easy
The prince is here, I'll see how he died
You are the Great Xia Prince
Li Xuan, you still dare to kneel when you see the prince
heard
Are you my enemy?